what brings in today I have a hard time
focusing get enough sleep every night
[Music]
how much is enough six to eight hours
Oh way more than that I had a friend she
was prescribed done at her role and now
she's very alert you know some people
abused that or all right let's get you
healthy I want you to try losing 55
pounds that's the weight of a Siberian
Husky you want me to pull a medium-sized
working dog off of my body it's trying
to feel like everyone's lives are going
places and the mind sort of stuck hold
it hold it please try not to leave all
your stuff in the hallway that'd be the
third time this month change is possible
if I keep interviewing no one thinks I'm
the right fit I would love you to walk
me through CPR or this doll oh I'm sorry
this child was dead I need to get a
teeny bit healthier we have raised as
low as 129 dollars a month you do know
that people can run outside that is zero
and lock
[Music]
somebody chasing you over did you do
know what's doing it sorry I'm talking
by some my sister she owns a company
house of pet city all right I'll stay
bad taste in music you the new girl I'm
the nighttime guy Jaron I'm done with
the drinking I'm don't like this mode
50,000 people from around the world are
racing today I want to run the New York
City Marathon I think that is such a
good idea
thank you so much I'm really good at
making profiles god woman it's not that
bad I'm just gonna give you mine okay
do you know how to spell herpes
my whole life the world told me I was
lazy because the way I look was trying
to turn my life around everything is
gonna be fine
people help doors for making how old
doors for you you change your life was
never about your weight was about you
taking responsibility for yourself
[Music]